Morpheus

History
	One of the older gods in this pantheon they are said to be older than the sundering and have survived several creatures trying to usurp their power.  

Relationship
	Morpheus strives to stay on good terms with most other deities as he is one for understanding and common ground, he does have issues with the Hephaestus and Apollo.  Often known as a friend of Hades he is not one to be seen often though some Clerics have seen him as they visit shrines around the region.  He values personal freedom regardless of where it may lead you, protecting others from being trampled under foot and not giving into easy solutions that do not fix the problem.  

Appearance and Emissaries
	Morpheus is said to be a descendant of an old line of Devils that most thought where extinct though he does not act as his typical race does many still fear what he comes from. His form is often covered in his wings long black leather that seems to absorb the light that touches it.  A strong ridged nose on Purplish gray skin with white eyes that show no color, his black hair falls to his shoulders under a pair of horn's that lift up from his brow and sweep backwards.  
	Servants
		Morpheus has few that he trusts among them is an an old human sage, a siren, along with a rock elemental known as Chassim.
	Sage of the Six paths
		This old human is said to have become a master of himself, he has been around for over 3000 years living in isolation.  During the Sundering he was said to have came to the aid of the gods when they where attacked.
	Mariina
		A Siren of old times said to be beautiful beyond compare even Aphrodite was a bit jealous of her looks.  She resides on an island shut away from the world and forgotten by mortals.
	Chassim
		This elemental is known to live near the base of active volcanoes basking in the heat of the magma and letting the liquid stone cover his body to thicken his armor.  

Shrines
 	Monuments to Morpheus are often hard to find as his presence is something that some creatures fear, along with his sinister blood line.  Tucked into areas of importance to him, his followers have woven a hidden path of alters in the world, following these shrines is shown as a show of dedication to the god and often met with greater merit.  Clerics often will spend years searching for some shrines as they can be difficult to locate though signs are there to lead them in the right direction.

Worshipers
	Followers of Morpheus often do not show much of themselves to others but will assist others in need when they can, they respect the cycles of life and death though will not let unnecessary death occur.  Theft and violence are not tolerated by most followers but the necessary use of it to stop further cases of it would be better than doing nothing.  They do not like relying on others to survive but working with them to make a task easier is always worth it.  

Temples 
	The occasional temple that stand often are placed near the edge of a large city preferring the quiet and isolation the distance affords them they do not turn many away but trust for them is something earned through action not words. 
Holidays
	During the eclipses of the moon or sun is when they celibate along with other large astrologic events as they feel that it is their god at work moving the heavens.
Organizations
	Order of the empty ring
This organization was founded after the sundering by Heathcliff Delmarcus around 30 years ago in response to a demonstration by The Empty EYE, when the group organized a public suicide demonstration where all the individuals drank a deadly poison.  The panic the ensued was planed by several demons that took advantage of the stunned or fearful onlookers to make prey of them.  Their main goal is to stop the Empty EYE from causing any further tragedies.

	The Empty EYE
		This group of fanatics is often a bit more radical in their following of Morpheus often more involved in public demonstrations they are considered a occult following of the god, though the Temple itself does not sanction everything they do, this group is not the best of new though they still claim Morpheus as their patron.