Poseidon

History
	The current water god has a humble up bringing as he was originally just another mortal race in his strife he found himself seeking out power and allies.  When he was fully grown he challenged the old water god to a duel with several of his allies as spectators, when the waters cleared he had defeated the old water god taking up the title and position.  With his new power he restored some of the damages the old water god had done to the world and helped any that asked him.  His passion was great for many creatures as he knew that all depended on his element for life.  In a latter summer the Fire god pushed a heat wave that caused several areas to dry up, angered by this the water god came after him attacked him for his lack of remorse.  As the waters boiled around them the fires died and with the loss of the fire god a new one had to be appointed as no creature is allowed to hold 2 positions as an elemental deity.  
Relationship
	He maintains a strong tie to Artemis and Hermes as they are the 3 main elements that are needed for the world to function properly.  He is one to be temperamental and is waiting for the current fire god to give him a reason to vacate the position, other than that he does tend to be friends with the Lightning god and the Blood God.  Rumor is that he enjoys drinking with several other gods in mortal bars though no one is sure where it was that they where seen.
Appearance and Emissaries
	Often depicted as a humanoid like water dragon, an upper torso on a long tail with several strong lateral fins and holding a trident.  His sapphire blue scales reflect the color of water and often cause rainbows to appear around him.  
	Servants
		He has several creatures that seem to appear in his place, Emissary of the tides a half dragon with  similar blue scales, Thrash a puffin able to speak like a human, and Blood tide a pod of orcas.
	Emissary of the Tides
		Is a blue scaled half dragon, he shares the same scale colors with his god Poseidon and will often show up in his place at more in land areas as his god is more aquatic bound.  Has been seen hanging around in bars often drunk and enjoys it when others join him.
	Thrash
		This small winged creature is not easy to make out from a normal puffin save its blue feet, it has been spotted hiding among other water foul though it does not always blend in.  It is considered to be the guardian of all water related animals as it can swim fly and walk on land.
	Blood Tide
		This pod of orcas is not something you will want to see often, seen attacking creatures that have disrupted the natural cycle of the waters, they have been spotted in fresh and salt water often to the chagrin of who ever they are after.  They are considered to be Poseidon's blood hounds as they will hunt down anything that he asks and they have been known to rip their prey to shreds.
Shrines
 	Built in many different locations these shrines are there for any passer to pay homage to or just to remind them who is out there, scattered around they can be found often over looking water or in the water.  As many aquatic creatures worship him his shrines can be found in some bodies of water, as he believed faith can take you anywhere you want to go.
Worshipers
	most sailors and sea men pray to him along with several aquatic races though he has no traditional adornments often his followers with wear a necklace of sea shells or a symbol of a trident.

Temples 
	You can find his temples built at a water source or over looking a large body of water, they are one to help those that ask for it but should you have done anything against the god they are quite good at knowing who has done what.  
Holidays
	He has no holy days or sacred times but his followers often thank him for the rains that fall and the change in the tides as they keep life moving in most towns.  
Organizations
	Order of the Trident
		This group of Merfolk is said to be a small task force of disciples of Poseidon as they travel from port town to port town often following a ship, they will talk about the coexistence of land dwellers and water dwellers.  They are a small group working to keep good relations between their people and the land walkers in the large port towns, they have caused problems for some people often attacking anyone they see defacing the waters by throwing trash or filth in.  